---
layout: home
title: Game On!
subtitle: Catapult Session 01
---

<h1 style="color:#6F1401;font-size:50px" align="center">

print("WELCOME TO ROSE!")

</h1>

Python is a powerful programming language that is easy to learn, and it is
rapidly growing in popularity both as a first language and as a language in
which to accomplish complex tasks. We encourage two kinds of students to choose
this project. 

First, if you have never programmed before, this introductory
project is for you! We will spend the first few days doing classroom and lab
instruction on the basics of Python programming, aimed at students with little
or no programming experience. Second, if you already know another programming
language, but your high school doesn’t offer Python, this is a great opportunity
to learn this language and do an exciting project; you may work at a faster pace
than the new programmers if you wish.

If you sign up for the Python programming project, it is okay to delay the
choice of the  specific kind of program your team will write after you have
learned more about Python’s capabilities. You may even delay final team
selection if you wish.  Once our project sessions begin and everyone is learning
Python, you’ll be able to switch teams so as to team up with other students
whose interests and programming experience (or lack of it) are similar to yours.
Note that all of the software tools we will use are free, so it will be easy for
you to take your project home and continue to enhance it after Catapult ends.
Maybe get your friends at home interested in working with you.  A former
Catapulter did so – he and his friend worked on their own as seniors, and then
jarned credit for the first CSSE course when they came to Rose!
